Generic OAuth: customize login and id_token attributes (#26577)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/auth/generic-oauth.md

See [JMESPath examples](#jmespath-examples) for more information.

> Only available in Grafana v7.2+.

> Customize user login using `login_attribute_path` configuration option. Grafana will attempt to evaluate the `login_attribute_path` JMESPath expression against the ID token first and then, if no value found, against the HTTP response obtained from querying the UserInfo endpoint specified via the `api_url` configuration option. The attribute name which will be used for extracting ID token from the returned OAuth token can be customized with `id_token_attribute_name` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customize user login using `login_attribute_path` configuration option. Grafana will attempt to evaluate the `login_attribute_path` JMESPath expression against the ID token first and then, if no value is found, against the HTTP response obtained by querying the UserInfo endpoint specified via the `api_url` configuration option. The attribute name which will be used for extracting the ID token from the returned OAuth token can be customized with the `id_token_attribute_name` option.
```

Reviewer 2: Best practice is to keep sentences at 25 words or less. Please break up the second sentence.

Also, try rewriting this in present tense. "Grafana attempts" instead of "Grafana will attempt" and so on.

Author: @oddlittlebird could you take a quick look at the changes?

> Customize user login using `login_attribute_path` configuration option. Grafana attempts to evaluate the `login_attribute_path` JMESPath expression against the ID token. If no value is found, Grafana uses for the path lookup the HTTP response obtained by querying the UserInfo endpoint specified via the `api_url` configuration option. The attribute name which will be used for extracting the ID token from the returned OAuth token can be customized with the `id_token_attribute_name` option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Customize user login using `login_attribute_path` configuration option. Order of operations is as follows:

1. Grafana evaluates the `login_attribute_path` JMESPath expression against the ID token. 
1. If Grafana finds no value, then Grafana queries the UserInfo endpoint and uses the HTTP response for the path lookup. The UserInfo endpoint is specified in the `api_url` configuration option.

You can customize the attribute name used to extract the ID token from the returned OAuth token with the `id_token_attribute_name` option.
```

Reviewer 2: I took a stab at trying to reorganize this paragraph a bit.

It looks like this information could be organized either in steps (as I did) or by configuration options involved.
